[BD-3805] Partner docs - Justuno (#8689)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/leads_capture/justuno.md

---
nav_title: Justuno
article_title: Justuno
description: "DESCRIPTION."

alias: /partners/justuno
page_type: partner
search_tag: Partner
---

# Justuno

> > [Justuno](https://www.justuno.com/) let's you create fully optimized visitor experiences for all of your audiences with dynamic segments, offering the most advanced targeting available&#8212;all without impacting site speed or increasing dev work. Analyze conversion rates by viewing custom analytics like the number of profiles created, influenced return visitor rate, and pages per session to maintain a marketing advantage in your industry. Justuno enables you to increase revenue per visitor, establish meaningful customer engagements, and grow your business. Optimize the entire audience journey end-to-end with a connected platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Justuno](https://www.justuno.com/) lets you create fully optimized visitor experiences for all of your audiences with dynamic segments, offering the most advanced targeting available&#8212;all without impacting site speed or increasing dev work. Analyze conversion rates by viewing custom analytics like the number of profiles created, influenced return visitor rate, and pages per session to maintain a marketing advantage in your industry. Justuno enables you to increase revenue per visitor, establish meaningful customer engagements, and grow your business. Optimize the entire audience journey end-to-end with a connected platform.
```

## Use cases

Braze allows any marketer to collect and take action on any amount of data from any source, so they can creatively engage with customers in real time, across channels from one platform.

> Integrating Justuno and Braze will give you the best of both worlds. Users will be able to combine the customer data saved in Braze with the visitor and customer data saved in Justuno and create more personalized experiences for the all audiences. This will increase the effectiveness of the marketing campaigns and customer engagements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrating Justuno and Braze gives you the best of both worlds. You can combine the customer data saved in Braze with the visitor and customer data saved in Justuno and create more personalized experiences for all audiences. This increases the effectiveness of your marketing campaigns and customer engagements.
```

### Step 4: Configure your attributes

The following attributes are automatically synced from Justuno to Braze:

- Email  
- Phone  
- First Name  
- Last Name  
- Language  
- Gender  
- Country

To sync additional attributes:

1. In the Braze app within your workflow, select **Sync Another Property**.
    ![The Braze app opened in a Justuno workflow showing the "Sync Another Property" option.]({% image_buster /assets/img/justuno/sync-another-property.png %}){: style="max-width:55%;"}
2. Choose which Braze attributes you'd like to sync.
3. Match the properties in Justuno with their Braze equivalents (such as social handles, birthday, shopping preferences, survey responses, etc.). Keep in mind, these properties are considered 0 party data or 1st party data. To learn more, see [Justuno: Visitor data collection](https://www.justuno.com/guides/zero-first-party-data/).
4. In the workflow builder, choose to **Save**, **Preview**, or **Publish** your workflow.
    ![The "Publish" menu opened with the options to save, preview, or show version history.]({% image_buster /assets/img/justuno/publish-workflow.png %}){: style="max-width:45%;"}

## Things to know

> - Users must manually input the subscription group ID in the app settings.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must manually input the subscription group ID in the app settings.  
```
